SIP-118 Add clarifying text related to METS/OBJID attribute and folder names (#144)
viaacode/documentation: docs/diginstroom/sip/2.0/sip_structure/6_structure_representation.md

| Cardinality | 1..1 |
| Obligation | MUST |

| <a id="OBJID"></a>Attribute | `mets/@OBJID` |
|-----------------------|-----------|
| Name | Representation identifier |

> | Description | This is an ID for the representation METS document. For each representation METS, this MUST be the same ID as the one used for its top level representation folder.|

Reviewer: Is not entirely clear to me. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
| Description | This is an identifier for the representation METS document. Its value MUST be the same as the name of the top level representation folder (e.g., `"representation_1"` for the example above). |
```
